okay
hello everyone i'm running late it's the
day of my first tutorial
um enter is guest that's yeah that's
what i want to do okay i'm about to
click enter room
i've got one minute until it starts so
i'm just in time i feel like i'm running
late for lectures again
hi yeah can you hear me
[Music]
okay so it is time to take a break it is
10 40. the session started at nine so
i've done an
hour and 40 minutes we have this tutor
who is
so so friendly actually i haven't even
given you guys a background to this so
these tutorials are run by acted the
actuarial education company
they are basically lessons on
the content of the ifoa syllabus for the
actuarial exams
usually you'd have the option to go to
in-person tutorials but
given the current circumstances all the
tutorials are
online it's kind of a chat room thing
where there's
15 of us in the class and we've got a
little chat box where we can send in
questions and they can either be seen by
the whole group or just privately to our
tutor and then we have to
work on a question from a handout and
then type in our answer and she'll give
feedback
and then there's a whiteboard thing that
she's writing on and talking us through
the content it's a good setup and
clearly the tutor has
lots of experience at this the only
thing i'm finding is that it's
it's very slow i might eat my words
later on when suddenly we get to the
more advanced stuff
this is just a morning tutorial so it's
actually going to finish
at 12 30. there's various options with
tutorials whether you just want to have
four days in one go or
four days spread out over a few months
or eight mornings spread out over a few
months and that's what i've gone for
anyway we are having a ten minute break
so i'm going to grab myself a coffee and
a biscuit
and then reconvene
[Music]
so
right that's my first tutorial done do
you know it was useful because
we got a lot of tips on common mistakes
in exams and
the places where questions can really
catch you out i think it's very valuable
to speak to someone who is
so familiar with the exam format and
knows exactly how the
questions are structured it's all very
well knowing the content but if you
don't have the exam technique
and the correct way of approaching the
questions and knowing what you need to
write down to get marks you just
won't get the marks so in that respect i
think that
tutorial was really useful interesting
thing that the tutor did say
at the end of the tutorial is that
it's possible that exams might
stay online forever because in this
coming exam sitting in april all the
exams are going to be online because of
the pandemic
but so far they've found the online
exams have run
quite smoothly it's so much cheaper for
them to have the exams online
and if they're effective and assess
people
correctly then why wouldn't they keep
them that way but i just hate that
thought
imagine having all of them online my
problem is right
typing out equations is just not the one
i want to be able to write out an
integral
using pen and paper i do not want to be
typing out integrals
in microsoft word you can add formulae
in microsoft word but it is a
slow process it just it adds to my
worries
that everything's going to be online
going forward even like
separate from this my work i just want
to be in an office
the world is changing there's this new
normal where
we might just be all working from home
forever
like it's so much cheaper for companies
to have everyone
working from home what is this
i think my parcel is arriving i'm gonna
go grab the door
oh oh this is exciting i'll show you
what it is in a sec
right this i think actually
is it what i think it is yeah
it is my tables
formula and tables for examinations of
the institute and faculty
of actuaries
that's quite exciting i was not
expecting a nice book like this
it's like proper hardback wow
oh
i like the smell of fresh books this
afternoon i am not going to study
because i've got a couple of
client calls scheduled which i'm taking
meeting notes for
so i've decided to move my half day of
study that i've got remaining for this
week
to thursday and i'll speak to you guys
on thursday
time travel welcome to thursday
goal of this afternoon is to get myself
prepared for my
tutorial next week i cannot even
remember what i need to cover
possibly joint distributions
joint distributions conditional
expectation
i've powered my computer off so people
can't message me this
afternoon although i might turn it back
on
at 4. there's like a whole team feedback
meeting
and it's very short i'm not going to
have to participate
so i can just have it all in the
background while i study
[Music]
okay so i've been doing a few questions
on moment generating functions
and cumulative generating functions and
so far so good but now there
is a team meeting
so i went to the whole team meeting
actually it was more than a whole team
meeting it was like a whole
department office meeting so quite a lot
of people were on the call i've done
some more questions
i did take a quick break just to play
with my dog a bit
i won't lie i also went on my phone and
went on social media
but now i'm back to it i think for this
next
chapter i'm just going to dive straight
into the questions
and then read the notes if i struggle
with the questions
okay so i did stop filming because i got
tired
but i've been working until now and it's
quarter past
seven and i'm calling it a day i'm a
little bit tired now so i'm gonna head
downstairs
have dinner with my parents watch some
tv
i'm a celebrity is on and i'm watching
that pretty much every evening at the
moment
i've never watched so much tv before
when i was at uni i just
didn't have time anyway rounding this
video up here thank you very much for
watching
give it a like if you enjoy the study
content and want to see more because i
can keep it coming if you like it i've
got lots of studying to do
i'm hoping to do some live study with me
stream
soon subscribe to my channel follow my
instagram
make sure you hit the notification bell
then you won't ever miss a video of mine
also hope you're all doing well hope
you're all taking care of yourselves
that's it from me bye